MILCmk - microkernels for the MIMD Lattice Computation (MILC)
collaboration code.  The MILC code is designed to address fundamental
questions in high-energy and nuclear physics such as the study of the
mass spectrum of strongly interacting particles, the weak interactions
of these particles, and the behavior of strongly interacting matter
under extreme conditions.  MILC simulates the fundamental theory of
the strong nuclear force, quantum chromodynamics (QCD), formulated on
a four-dimensional space-time lattice.  The QCD gluon field is sampled
using a Hybrid Monte Carlo algorithm which requires the solution of a
large sparse system at every step.  The microkernels are some of the
more heavily used routines taken from the QCD Linear Algebra (QLA)
library developed under SciDAC.  The routines perform some basic math
operations among arrays of 3x3 complex matrices and length 3, 6 or 12
complex vectors.

The test programs run benchmarks of 7 kernels for various array sizes
in single and double precision.  In a real application the typical
array sizes would correspond to about 16k elements per core, though
the optimal value will depend greatly on the overall balance of the
system (including network), and can still vary quite a bit depending
on the problem being run.  As a representative sample, the mflops
numbers should be reported for sizes of roughly 1k, 16k and 256k
elements per core, or a similar range that is appropriate for the
proposed architecture.  As a further guide, on a current 10PF system,
a full machine run would have about 12G elements in total.  Weak
scaling to a 320PF system would give 384G elements for the whole
system.  If that system had 64k nodes, then the typical size would be
around 6M elements per node.
